

# Weekly Status Updates #

You can look at the [Project Calendar](http://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=sfcta.org_bitt2f8attbqp8kffefijm7ln0%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/Los_Angeles) to see the upcoming list of tasks.

## Status Updates for Week of Nov 26 ##
| **Contributor** | **Previous Week** | **This Week** | **Issues For Group** |
|:----------------|:------------------|:--------------|:---------------------|
| **Elizabeth** |Examined validation run output and reviewed reports. |  |Finalize all final deliverables. |
| **Lisa** | Out of town | <ul><li>Final report edits.<li>Pushed/tagged release version.<li>Prepare slides for TMIP presentation <table><thead><th>  </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Processed outputs from network change, future demand, and BRT tests. <li> Started a new Random Seed test with the network updates and new version of Dynameq. <li> Updated the documentation. </td><td><ul><li> Process Random Seed and Pricing test results. <li> Finish documentation. <li> Prepare webinar slides. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td><ul><li>Updated v24 Pricing inputs, made pricing-related code changes, and started running Pricing scenario <li>Added additional content to future research topics report and methodology report </td><td><ul><li>Complete congestion pricing scenario test <li>Make final report edits <li>Prepare slides for TMIP presentation </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Nov 19</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Reviewed Validation Runs.<li>Wrote reports.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Pulled out San Francisco boundary nodes from the DTA Anyway <b>library</b> to ready the code base for release <li>Report updates  </td><td> Out of town. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Worked on finalizing calibration. <li> Started new network change and future demand tests. <li> Processed base scenario output (from Dynameq 2.6.0.1) </td><td><ul><li> Run and process network change and future demand test results. <li> Process BRT scenario results. <li> Work on documentation. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td><ul><li>Updated v24 Pricing inputs, made pricing-related code changes, and started running Pricing scenario <li>Added additional content to future research topics report and methodology report </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of Nov 12</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed Validation Runs.<li>Wrote reports.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Network updates to address <a href='http://code.google.com/p/dta/wiki/KnownIssues'>known issues</a> <li>Report updates <li>Count Dracula updates (upload UI, parser updates) </td><td> <ul><li>Pulled out San Francisco boundary nodes from the DTA Anyway <b>library</b> to ready the code base for release <li>Report updates </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Tested dynamic path search for different calibration settings. <li> Installed Dynameq 2.6.0.1 and tested different network settings in that version </td><td><ul><li> Finalize calibration in Dynameq 2.6.0.1 <li>Perform sensitivity tests in Dynameq 2.6.0.1 with final calibration settings <li> Add additional content to documentation and update tables for final calibration settings </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td><ul><li>Started final calibration run in Dynameq 2.6.0.1 (test) <li>Began 2012 BRT scenario DTA <li>Added additional content to methodology report</td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Nov 5</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed Validation Runs.<li>Wrote reports.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Count Dracula updates (UI, upload UI, updating counts) </td><td> <ul><li>Network updates to address <a href='http://code.google.com/p/dta/wiki/KnownIssues'>known issues</a> <li>Report updates <li>Count Dracula updates (upload UI, parser updates) </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Continued calibration testing. </td><td><ul><li> Test using dynamic path search.  <li> Run network change and future demand sensitivity tests when final calibration settings are chosen. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td><ul><li>Corrected v24 (JHC2012 Base) and started new run as “v24_wDwell” <li>Started new version of v24_DynamicPath_wDwell on Dynameq v. 2.6.0.1 over weekend after v24_wDwell ran to 80 iterations <li>Updated v24 BRT inputs <li>Updated JHC 2040 Baseline DTA inputs to correct transit dwell, signal cards, and turn penalty files </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Oct 29</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed Validation Runs.<li>Wrote reports.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Followup for  <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=111'>Issue 111</a>: don't split short links <li>Split earlier for one-way links <li>Documentation updates </td><td> Count Dracula updates (UI, upload UI, updating counts)  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Continued calibration testing.  <li> Updated the documentation on signal code. </td><td><ul><li> Keep adding to documentation. <li> Run sensitivity tests for small network change and future demand. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td><ul><li>Summarized v20 and v21 model runs <li>Ran v24 model run with v21 specs, but 21ft PCU effective length  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Oct 22</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed Validation Runs.<li>Wrote reports.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=132'>Issue 132</a>: Check CountDracula filters vs full set of 3-hour counts <li>Work on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=147'>Issue 147</a>: Final Methodology Report </td><td> <ul><li>Followup for  <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=111'>Issue 111</a>: don't split short links <li>Split earlier for one-way links <li>Documentation updates </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Ran some calibration tests.  <li> Updated some relevant portions of the documentation. </td><td><ul><li> Continue calibration testing. <li> Update signal code portion of the documentation. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Ran v18 and v19 DTA runs with two alternative implementations of bus lane link splitting. <li>Extracted subarea networks and demand from 2012 Base, 2012 BRT and 2012 Pricing CHAMP model output. <li>Computed and mapped turn movement pedestrian friction factors for observed SF pedestrian count locations using HCM 2010 methodology. <li>Proposed three-tier pedestrian friction factor zone system with CBD, neighborhood commercial, and low pedestrian activity classifications.</td><td> <ul><li>Assigned shorter effective length factor to CBD links (to represent tighter spacing of experienced commuters in congested areas). <li>Designated turning movements without dedicated turning movements to be PERMITTED and assigned followup times depending on Area Type such that high pedestrian volume CBD areas have lower turning movement capacity. <li>Reduced response time factor at congested NB US-101 freeway weaving area. <li>Specified four "Final Calibration" model runs using JHC 2012 land use and the JHC 2012 network. Started running two of the four assignments on SFCTA computers. </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Oct 15</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed Validation Runs.<li>Wrote reports.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=149'>Issue 149</a>: Push Count Dracula to Tehama <li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=111'>Issue 111</a>: Transit Lanes split for right turns <li>Work on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=132'>Issue 132</a>: Check CountDracula filters vs full set of 3-hour counts <li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=135'>Issue 135</a>: Remove requirement for pylab </td><td> <ul><li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=132'>Issue 132</a>: Check CountDracula filters vs full set of 3-hour counts <li>Work on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=147'>Issue 147</a>: Final Methodology Report </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed results of current tests and perform additional calibration tests. </td><td><ul><li>Perform additional calibration tests. <li>Update some sections of the documentation. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Reviewed results of both JHC 2012 SF CHAMP scenarios in preparation for DTA Anyway scenario testing runs. </td><td> <ul><li>Run v18 DTA model with bus lanes. <li>Extract subarea networks and demand from 2012 Base, 2012 BRT and 2012 Pricing CHAMP model output. <li>Prepare final plan for quick implementation of pedestrian friction. </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Oct 8</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed Validation Runs.<li>Wrote reports.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=149'>Issue 149</a>: Push Count Dracula to Tehama </td><td> <ul><li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=149'>Issue 149</a>: Push Count Dracula to Tehama <li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=111'>Issue 111</a>: Transit Lanes split for right turns <li>Work on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=132'>Issue 132</a>: Check CountDracula filters vs full set of 3-hour counts </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Continued testing additional speed flow parameters to find settings that don't cause gridlock. </td><td><ul><li> Do more testing to get calibrated version of the model.  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Finished model runs v6 and v8. Started model run v7, but it was not completed. <li>Completed SF CHAMP model run for JHC 2012 Congestion Pricing scenario.  <li>Annie standardized 11 count locations with truck information. </td><td> Reviewed results of both JHC 2012 SF CHAMP scenarios in preparation for DTA Anyway scenario testing runs. </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Oct 1</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Scheduled Webinar and secured TMIP webinar resources <li> Sent Greg info on future research topics <li> Updated/created all tasks through end of contract  <li> varia on our contract </td><td> <ul><li> Help on count standardization <li> Write, Write, Write. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Count Dracula work, Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=134'>Issue 134</a> Custom Priorities for two-way stops </td><td> <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=149'>Issue 149</a>: Push Count Dracula to Tehama; Work on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=111'>Issue 111</a>: Transit Lanes split for right turns </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Outlines! <li> New run with 1/2 the distance impedance term. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Started tests V9, V10, and V11 for different speed-flow parameters and generalized cost term. <li> Look at test results and decide on what tests should be done next. </td><td><ul><li> Test with V11 settings with half of the coefficient on the generalized cost term. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Started model runs v6 and v8 </td><td> <ul><li>Finished model runs v6 and v8. <li>Started model run v7, but it was not completed. <li>Completed SF CHAMP model run for JHC 2012 Congestion Pricing scenario.  <li>Annie standardized 11 count locations with truck information. </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Sept 24</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Documented findings of draft peer review report on PeerReviewImmediateFollowUps wiki.<li> Got time extension to allow us to get webinar scheduled in November. <li> re-read through our FHWA contract to make sure no deliverable was left hanging </td><td> <ul><li> Check on webinar resources <li> send Greg info on future research topics <li> write network development deliverable and send out for review <li> make sure contract time extension goes through </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Count Dracula work </td><td> Count Dracula work, Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=134'>Issue 134</a> Custom Priorities for two-way stops </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Tested adjusting the critical gap values with V4 traffic flow parameters. </td><td><ul><li> Help with continued traffic flow parameter tests. <li> If time, test adding distance term to generalized cost function. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Continued validation runs on ResetSpeedFlow v4 and v5 to 130 iterations. </td><td> Prepare four additional validation runs to test changes to effective PCU length, follow-up time, gap acceptance, and the general cost expression (by adding a distance function) </td><td> Need to split model runs between SFCTA and PB computing resources. </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Sept 17</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> Check on Peer Review Panel Report </td><td> Read Peer Review Panel Report draft ASAP </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Count Dracula work </td><td> Count Dracula work </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Tested some of the new traffic flow parameters to decide on final settings.  </td><td><ul><li> Test adjusting the critical gap values with the V4 traffic flow parameters. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Began testing revised traffic parameter settings in validation run series titled "ResetSpeedFlow" </td><td> Continued revised traffic parameter settings validation runs. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<br>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Sept 10</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td> Check on Peer Review Panel Report </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Count Dracula work </td><td> Count Dracula work </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Did Random Seed sensitivity tests. <li> Re-ran base test for sensitivity with the same signal plans as other tests. </td><td><ul><li> Help Dan with testing new traffic flow parameters. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Discovered misinterpretation of how traffic flow parameters are simulated in Dynameq <li>Began new validation model run using the parameters we previously thought were being simulated - That validation run resulted in gridlock </td><td> <ul><li>Perform additional model runs where response time and vehicle length parameters are relaxed. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<br>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Sept 3</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td><ul><li> path validation <li> get the static counts  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Started work on Count Dracula update to GeoDjango </td><td> Continuing work on CountDracula update </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Tested stop signs at centroid connectors. <li> Tested adding back in more of the trucks with stop signs on centroid connectors.</td><td><ul><li> Start sensitivity testing with Aug 28 run as the baseline.  <li> If done by the end of the week, test updates with pedestrian friction. <li> Test sensitivity to random seed and to network changes if there is time. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Started Annie on standardizing additional validation counts </td><td> Conduct speed-flow parameter sensitivity tests </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Aug 27</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> Wrote and sent progress report. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Completed custom priorities implementation for <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=137'>Issue 137</a>: Two way stop control for centroid connectors </td><td> Started work on CountDracula update to GeoDjango </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Tested changing truck RT to 1.25. <li> Confirmed that corridor plots code works and closed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=85'>Issue 85</a>. <li> Updated the Validation Tracker with extended demand tests from last couple of weeks. </td><td><ul><li> Test stop signs at centroid connectors.  <li> If done by the end of the week, test turn updates with pedestrian friction. <li> Work on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=139'>Issue 139</a>: Developing smarter demand profile for trucks after Lisa checks count data. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Reviewed results of setting alley speeds to 10mph <li>Started working on turning movement pedestrian friction   </td><td> <ul><li>Implement first round of pedestrian friction turn movement capacity restriction <li>Get Annie Chung started on choosing and adding counts for validation </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Aug 20</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td> Progress report and code reviews. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  <ul><li>Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=118'>Issue 118</a>: No intersection Control Warning <li>Documentation update <li>Started implementation of <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=137'>Issue 137</a>: Two way stop control for centroid connectors.  Looks like we'll need custom priorities though. </td><td> Completed custom priorities implementation for <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=137'>Issue 137</a>: Two way stop control for centroid connectors </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td><ul><li> Help identify issues with gridlock given EV and MD demand.  </td><td><ul><li> Look at PeMS data for truck and auto count profile. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Tested extended demand with EV and MD trip tables. <li> Investigated gridlocked locations in extended demand runs to see what is causing the problems. - Trucks and/or left turns from connectors are most likely <li> Worked on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=116'>Issue 116</a>: Network Coding of Ramps. - Finished re-coding ramps already listed </td><td><ul><li> Test changes to trucks in order to get MD/EV hours working. <li> Confirm that corridor plots code works and close <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=85'>Issue 85</a>. <li> Update the Validation Tracker with extended demand tests from last couple of weeks. <li> Test two-way stop signs at centroid connectors. <li> If time, check for additional ramps that need to be changed to correct the number of lanes.  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Adjusted FT on downtown streets so that all multi-lane one-way couplet streets are at least minor arterials <li>Added a new facility type for alleys <li>Closed out old and irrelevant issues </td><td> <ul><li>Review results of setting alley speeds to 10mph <li>Work on turning movement pedestrian friction <li>Choose counts for addition to validation counts <li>Review Matt Chan's progress on turn restrictions <li>Organize file structure of recent runs </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Aug 13</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> Vacation. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Created the demand for other time periods <li>A number of network edits (both freeflow and the shapefile) trying to figure out the 100% demand run gridlocking for FAST-TRiPs  </td><td> <ul><li>Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=118'>Issue 118</a>: No intersection Control Warning <li>Documentation update <li>Started implementation of <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=137'>Issue 137</a>: Two way stop control for centroid connectors.  Looks like we'll need custom priorities though. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Ran test to figure out why extended demand period ends in gridlock. </td><td><ul><li> Test extended demand with EV and MD trip tables.  <li> Work on developing a demand profile from counts. <li> Investigate gridlocked locations in extended demand runs to see what is causing the problems. <li> Work on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=116'>Issue 116</a>: Network Coding of Ramps. <li> Confirm that corridor plotting code works and update the version of matplotlib needed in the documentation. </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  <ul><li>Adjusted FT on downtown streets so that all multi-lane one-way couplet streets are at least minor arterials <li>Added a new facility type for alleys <li>Closed out old and irrelevant issues </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Aug 6</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td> Vacation. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li>Created the demand for other time periods <li>A number of network edits (both freeflow and the shapefile) trying to figure out the 100% demand run gridlocking for FAST-TRiPs </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Updated demand codes so that we get demand for 2:30-7:30.  <li> Updated code to allow us to use a non-uniform demand profile. <li> Updated reporting spreadsheets to include VMT/VHT comparison to static assignment.</td><td><ul><li> Run tests to figure out why extended demand period results in gridlock. </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 30</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> Peer Review!  </td><td> Turn peer review items into actions. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Peer review: code base presentation </td><td> Started looking into counts </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Peer review panel. </td><td><ul><li> Update demand codes so that we get demand for 2:30-7:30.  <li> Update code to allow us to use a non-uniform demand profile. <li> Update reporting spreadsheets to include VMT/VHT comparison to static assignment. <li> Look at how to use bucket rounded matrices for future tests. </td><td><ul><li> Need trip tables for MD and NT periods to get the 2:30-3:30 and 6:30-7:30 trips.  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 23</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>   </td><td> Read and approve all peer review materials </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> Peer review: code base presentation </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Ran test to finalize results to be presented to peer review panel. <li> Fixed signal errors by changing how "G"s and "Y"s are matched to green and yellow time. <li> Found some issues with travel times and discussed how they could be fixed. </td><td><ul><li> Finalize presentation for peer review panel. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 16</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Tested effects of changing CBD speeds and not using transit-only lanes. <li> Tested the effects of increasing internal demand. <li> Tested link penalty for locals and collectors. <li> Did some additional work on the signal codes. <li> Fixed some of the problems with the corridor plotting codes.</td><td><ul><li> Run additional test when network updates are completed. <li> Investigate the travel time outliers. <li> Run select links and check paths where possible to see if results make sense. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Jim</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 9</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Quick stop sign update: mark as all-way stops if facility type ambiguity exists for two-way stops.  Generalize the way that the user specifies which links not to split. </td><td> <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=109'>Issue 109</a> Count Trends across years.  Start <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=113'>Issue 113</a>: Import GTFS to DTA </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Did a validation run on PB machine where results matched what SF got for Jun 18 test. <li> Did a few calibration runs - incorporating intrazonal trips, converting two-way stops with conflicts to all-way stops, and incorporating response time factor updates. <li> Updated the codes to take care of connector problems. <li> Updated the validation spreadsheets to also compare to static assignment results. </td><td><ul><li> Calibration runs to test: removing bus-only lanes, getting rid of FF speed pentalties in CBD, increasing the demand <li> Fix signal code problems <li> Possibly update movements and u-turn prohibitions on Octavia.</td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Analyzed resulting data and used findings to adjust DTA model settings </td><td> <ul><li> Re-adjust speed-flow parameters and re-run model <li> Write speed-flow documentation for wiki and peer-review <li> Make additional grade-based speed-flow parameter changes </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 2</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Fix for <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=93'>Issue 93</a>: Investigate duplicate/mismatched counts in Count Dracula output. <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=96'>Issue 96</a>: Documentation for DTA Anyway.  <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=95'>Issue 95</a>: SF-CHAMP Overview of LOS Inputs </td><td> Quick stop sign update: mark as all-way stops if facility type ambiguity exists for two-way stops.  Generalize the way that the user specifies which links not to split. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Joined link counts to the link shapefile to visualize differences and count locations. <li> Ran a few tests on PB machine, but need to figure out why they don't match the SF results.  </td><td><ul><li> Do a validation run on PB machine to get results to match what SF got for Jun 18 test. <li> Do a few calibration runs once the settings are all correct. <li> Run the corridor plots script and make updates if necessary. <li> Update codes to take care of connector problems. <li> Update validation spreadsheets to also compare to static assignment results. <li> Look at balance of flow across facility types and figure out if more changes need to be made to speeds for some facility types. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Conducted speed, flow, queue, and response time surveys.  Surveys were conducted at 9 locations in San Francisco featuring various street grades. </td><td> Analyzed resulting data and used findings to adjust DTA model settings. </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 25</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> update the visualizeDTAResults script to produce 200 or so plots <li> add counts to the corridor plot <li> have link and movement methods that can aggregate counts </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Wrote FHWA Progress Report<li> </td><td><ul><li>minimal work please. We're moving! </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Code review/cleanup for unsignalized intersections (<a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=35'>Issue 35</a>).  More data collection. </td><td> Fix for <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=93'>Issue 93</a>: Investigate duplicate/mismatched counts in Count Dracula output. <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=96'>Issue 96</a>: Documentation for DTA Anyway.  <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=95'>Issue 95</a>: SF-CHAMP Overview of LOS Inputs </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>   </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Ran the code all the way through and documented the process for a User Guide.  <li> Continued to work on importing signals codes and getting rid of remaining Dynameq control file errors.  </td><td><ul><li> Join link counts to the link shapefile to visualize differences and count locations. <li> Identify important places where we may have enough counts to create a screenline. <li> Identify outlier counts and decide what to do about them. <li> Do at least one full model run on NY server to test updates to codes. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Started work on turn prohibition review related to feedback from SFMTA on turn penalty map </td><td> Conducted speed, flow, queue, and response time surveys.  Surveys were conducted at 9 locations in San Francisco featuring various street grades. </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 18</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li>added a corridor plot to the visualizeDTAResults module <li> helped Greg install and run libraries and talked with him about our calibration strategy   </td><td> <ul><li> update the visualizeDTAResults script to produce 200 or so plots <li> add counts to the corridor plot <li> have link and movement methods that can aggregate counts </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Review validation reports<li>Wrote path creation method for travel time validations </td><td><ul><li>Outline Documentation for Peer Review<li>Review validation reports<li>Write FHWA Progress Report  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=83'>Issue 83</a>: Implement transit lanes and <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=68'>Issue 68</a>: Add date/time args to count dracula.  Code cleanup - reuse orientation code rather.  Data collection for response times/jam density. Worked on some signals. </td><td> Code review/cleanup for unsignalized intersections (<a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=35'>Issue 35</a>).  More data collection.  Get calibration runs going. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Wrote script to attach counts to network, export to CSV and summarize results in spreadsheet.<li> Tested unsignalized instersections code.<li> Discussed options for integration/feedback with Michalis.<li> Attempted DTA run with slow locals/collectors.<li> Dynameq license should be in NY by now.   </td><td><ul><li> Evaluation of model results and refinement.<li> Vacation Wed-Fri.  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Got a preliminary version of code to import unsignalized intersections done. <li> Identified a few problems with the stops files, and fixed the ones that were possible. <li> Set two-way stops with conflicting facility types to all-way.</td><td><ul><li> Run the code all the way through and document the process for a User Guide. <li> Join link counts to the link shapefile to visualize differences and count locations. <li> Add External Stations tabe to Model vs Counts spreadsheet to show how we're doing at the entry and exit points. <li> Identify important places where we may have enough counts to create a screenline. <li> Identify outlier counts and decide what to do about them.  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Away </td><td> Started work on turn prohibition review related to feedback from SFMTA on turn penalty map </td><td> Conduct speed, flow, queue, and response time surveys </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 11</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Prepared movement validation reports(15 min) <li> Added capability to the DTA library to read counts of multiple time periods and calculate aggregates at the movement level <li> started preparing count validation script  </td><td> <ul><li>prepare link validation scatter plot <li> update script that produces count validation reports <li> add corridor plots to the above script  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Wrote draft peer review agenda<li>developed initial draft (on wiki) of validation targets based on Caltrans microsim guidelines <li>developed a schedule working towards the peer review <li>looked at results from validation runs 1, 2, and 3 and developed issue lists. </td><td> D </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=78'>Issue 78</a> Transit import should verify that all required movements are allowed for transit and <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=79'>Issue 79</a> Links are too short for buses </td><td> Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=83'>Issue 83</a>: Implement transit lanes and <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=68'>Issue 68</a>: Add date/time args to count dracula.  Code cleanup - reuse orientation code rather.  Data collection for response times/jam density. Worked on some signals. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Worked with some of the new mapping and movement errors for signals.  <li> Updated the movement_overrides.csv and uturnPros.csv files.  <li> Hard-coded fixes to problems with 3rd St & 23rd St and Broadway & Broadway Tunnel.  </td><td> <ul><li> Finish with CSO matching errors (weekend vs. weekday) <li> Start working on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=35'>Issue 35</a>.  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 4</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> Nothing important  </td><td> Do some vaidation plots  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>Coded Movements and gave to group<li>Tried to start run but encountered too many issues </td><td> Develop new list of things to do based on Validation Run 1!  </td><td> QA/QC in dynameq please!</td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=74'>Issue 74</a> and <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=76'>Issue 76</a> </td><td> Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=78'>Issue 78</a> Transit import should verify that all required movements are allowed for transit and <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=79'>Issue 79</a> Links are too short for buses </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=80'>Issue 80</a> and <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=81'>Issue 81</a> with signals. Fixed some errors with signal mapping.  Still working on fixing all CSO matching issues and remaining signal and movement mapping problems. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of May 28</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>   </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> Finalized peer review dates and panel </td><td>  Code Movements and give to group </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li>Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=74'>Issue 74</a> : Read the movement turn type override file (to help signal processing)</li><li>Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=76'>Issue 76</a> : ignore movement penalties, only use movement prohibitions</li></ul> </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Neema</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td><ul><li> Fixed additional mapping problems both programmatically and manually. Found problem with CSO matching and fixed. Identified possible issue with weekend/weekday CSOs that I will look into next week. Found problem with writing signal control file, and learned from Michalis how to fix that.  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of May 21</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> Created a histogram plot for the demand. Coded bucket rounding  </td><td> Investigated the error caused by matrix rounding. Differences in row and column sums can be as much as 40 trips  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> FT </td><td> QA/QC needs to happen on some level before you mark an issue complete  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=71'>Issue 71</a>: true shape display omits divided streets</li><li>Code review/cleanup</li></ul> </td><td> <ul><li>Moved remaining centroid connectors from intersections</li><li>Helped familiarize Neema with DTA Anyway</li></ul> </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Compiling a list of movement and network errors related to signal mapping.  Fixing somw signal card errors manually, currently creates 1037 time plans. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of May 14</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> Fixed external centroid placement. Calculated number of lanes correctly for the external connectors  </td><td> Created a histogram plot for the demand. Coded bucket rounding  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> nada </td><td> FT </td><td> QA/QC needs to happen on some level before you mark an issue complete</td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> Cleanup/code review of Transit import scripts and related classes </td><td> <ul><li>Fix <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=71'>Issue 71</a>: true shape display omits divided streets</li><li>Implemented static network +5mph speed, static network capacity, static network facility type translation</li><li>Code review/cleanup</li></ul> </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Started working on importing excel signal cards.  Fixed CSO matching errors and started identifying and fixing node and movement mapping errors. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of May 7</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> Calculated capacities for protected movements at signalized intersections. Added capacity information to corridor plot </td><td> Fixed external centroid placement. Calculated number of lanes correctly for the external connectors </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> Unfortunately not much. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> Cleanup/code review of Transit import scripts and related classes </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Found Cube script to check transit/highway network compatibility. Fixed bus routes in sfmuni.lin file based on compatibility check. Started fixing bus.lin file. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of April 30</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li>refactored Phase, PhaseMovement, TimePlan according to comments </td><td> Calculated capacities for protected movements at signalized intersections. Added capacity information to corridor plot </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>did code review of signals </td><td><ul><li>schedule peer review <li>more code review? <li>FT stuff  </td><td> <ul><li>staffing for calibration</td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Finished updating importTPPlusTransitRoutes code. Only remaining problems are where transit route files don't match the network. </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of April 23</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Add functionality to the CorridorPlot module including svg output, the ability to show incoming and outgoing link flows, and the ability to show link capacity  </td><td> <ul><li>refactored Phase, PhaseMovement, TimePlan according to comments   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>moving forward on peer review. got approval from TMIP. <li>sent progress report to FHWA. </td><td> code review  for signal code </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of April 16</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Ported the Corridor Plot module to the new API </td><td> <ul><li>Add functionality to the CorridorPlot module including svg output, the ability to show incoming and outgoing link flows, and the ability to show link capacity </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li>drafted TMIP peer review application <li>met briefly with Greg and Lisa re staffing <li>finished progress report sans hours  </td><td><ul><li>send progress report <li>do FT stuff  </td><td> <ul><li>staffing </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of April 9</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td><ul><li> reviewed 100% demand model run (post centroid connector freeway ramp fixes) and made a list of things to check  </td><td><ul><li>drafted TMIP peer review application <li>meet with Greg <li>send progress report </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> Fixed <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=59'>Issue 59</a>: Make sure CountDracula works with DTAAnyway and worked on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/issues/detail?id=62'>Issue 62</a>: Import counts to CountDracula</td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Conducted validation model runs with 50%, 75%, and 100% of PM peak period demand <li> Manually adjusted boundary connector network coding after 50% model run </td><td> <ul><li> Review and document potential network coding errors in validation network <li> Adjust import signal scripts to match signal phasing on "C" instead of "CSO" </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Renee</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Feb 27</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  <ul><li> Imported the route module <li> imported the SP algorithms and made them work with the network and route module <li> updated the route module to report simulation results along the route (to be used in some reports) </td><td> <ul><li> create the Path module from the route module <li> Link the demand class to the multiarray module <li> document importSignals.py and other modules    </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Talked to candidates for our peer review panel <li>Supervised Dan's work  <li>Got task order signed <li>    </td><td> <ul><li>Think about unsignalized intersection methodology  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li>Code review and documentation <li> set up the process for subarea extraction </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits  </td><td> <ul><li> Create sub-area extraction of current network <li> Remove short links from the network <li> Review 79 additional signal cards identified by MX </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Feb 20</h2>
NEEDS UPDATING<br>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Make a city wide simulation with all available signals and the latest available demand <li> fixed bug related to centroid connectors and other <li> give Dan a a new list of signals with errors or incomplete info <li> make the  createSFNetworkFromCubeNetwork.py available for everybody to run  </td><td> <ul><li> Imported the route module <li> imported the SP algorithms and made them work with the network and route module <li> updated the route module to report simulation results along the route (to be used in some reports)    </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Contact  candidates for our peer review panel <li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li>Contact  candidates for our peer review panel <li> Supervise Dan's work <li> Get task order signed   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li>Code review and documentation <li> set up the process for subarea extraction </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits  </td><td> <ul><li> Create sub-area extraction of current network <li> Remove short links from the network <li> Review 79 additional signal cards identified by MX </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of Feb 13</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Make a city wide simulation with all available signals and the latest available demand <li> fixed bug related to centroid connectors and other <li> give Dan a a new list of signals with errors or incomplete info <li> make the  createSFNetworkFromCubeNetwork.py available for everybody to run  </td><td> <ul><li> Make a city wide simulation with all available signals and the latest available demand (900 plus signals) <li> make the  createSFNetworkFromCubeNetwork.py available for everybody to run <li> fix bus related to turn prohibitions <li> fix bugs related to link shape <li> review signal import validation reports <li> incorporate new subeara network    </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Contact  candidates for our peer review panel <li> Supervise Dan's work  <li> provide Michalis with subarea demand   </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li>Code review and documentation <li> set up the process for subarea extraction </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits  </td><td> <ul><li> Create sub-area extraction of current network <li> Remove short links from the network <li> Review 79 additional signal cards identified by MX </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Read Simulation results <li> update the node mapping script to deal with two-word street names <li> address issues #31 and #28 <li> deal with very small links   </td><td> <ul><li> Make a city wide simulation with all available signals and the latest available demand <li>troubleshooting and minor bug fixing <li>give Dan a a new list of signals with errors or incomplete info <li> make the  createSFNetworkFromCubeNetwork.py available for everybody to run</td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li>brainstormed candidates for our peer review panel <li> ran a more recent subarea demand extraction</td><td> <ul><li>Contact  candidates for our peer review panel <li> Supervise Dan's work  <li> providing Michalis with subarea demand </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li>Code review and documentation </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits  </td><td> <ul><li> Create sub-area extraction of current network <li> Remove short links from the network <li> Review 79 additional signal cards identified by MX </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Jan 30</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>    </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Prepare county wide signal validation reports <li> update the node mapping script to deal with two-word street names <li> address issues #31 and #28 <li> deal with very small links  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li>Contact some candidates for our peer review panel <li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>   </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits    </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Jan 23</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Make Countywide runs with 800 signals <li> check movement capacities    </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>   </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits    </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of Jan 16</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> improve the import success rate about (66% now)<li> work with Dan <li> fix bugs and remaining issues    </td><td> <ul><li> Make Countywide runs with 800 signals <li> check movement capacities <li> troubleshooting </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>   </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits    </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of Jan 9</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Imported 700 signals (one period only) to Dynameq <li> fixed some importing errors (more left) <li> Refactored signal code and unit tested it <li> resolved outstanding issues <li> fixed bugs  </td><td> <ul><li> improve the import success rate about (66% now)<li> work with Dan <li> fix bugs and remaining issues  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>   </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits    </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of Jan 2</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Modified the algorithm that identifies conflicting movements to more accurately determine permitted and protected movements   </td><td> <ul><li> Imported 700 signals (one period only) to Dynameq <li> fixed some importing errors (more left) <li> Refactored signal code and unit tested it <li> resolved outstanding issues <li> fixed bugs </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>   </td><td>     </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of Dec 30</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Resolved outstanding issues <li> helped Dan develop a working setup <li> produced signal conversion reports   </td><td> <ul><li> Modified the algorithm that identifies conflicting movements to more accurately determine permitted and protected movements   </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits   </td><td>     </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of Dec 23</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> address some of the lingering issues we have <li> troubleshooting    </td><td> <ul><li> Resolved outstanding issues <li> helped Dan develop a working setup <li> went over various errors with Dan <li> produced signal conversion reports  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Start making updates/corrections<li> Run the scripts to verify edits    </td><td>  <ul><li> Edit Cube Network <li> update Excel Cards <li> Run the scripts to verify edits   </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of Dec 17</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  <ul><li> Refine the scripts so that Dan can use them <li> Continue troubleshooting the import process <li> Address some of the lingering issues we have    </td><td> <ul><li> address some of the lingering issues we have <li> troubleshooting  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Review node mapping and other errors  and suggest ways to correct them    </td><td>  <ul><li> Start making updates/corrections<li> Run the scripts to verify edits   </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td><ul><li>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of Dec 12</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Update tools based on Dan's work <li> import hundreds of signals to Dynameq <li> Take another look at the movement errors and prepare an error file for Dan   </td><td> <ul><li> Refine the scripts so that Dan can use them <li> Continue troubleshooting the import process <li> Address some of the lingering issues we have</td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Review node mapping and other errors  and suggest ways to correct them    </td><td>  <ul><li> Start making updates/corrections<li> Run the scripts to verify edits   </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td><ul><li>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of Dec 5</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  <ul><li> Correct errors in the calculation of yellow and red times of the last phase <li> distinguish between protected and permitted movements <li> work with Dan <li> find someone to help me fix errors   </td><td> <ul><li> Update tools based on Dan's work <li> import hundreds of signals to Dynameq <li> Take another look at the movement errors and prepare an error file for Dan   </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><th> <b>Dan</b> </th><th> <ul><li> Review node mapping and other errors <li>Run the node mapping scripts    </th><th>  <ul><li> Review node mapping and other errors  and suggest ways to correct them   </th><th>   </th></thead><tbody></tbody></table>

<table><thead><th> <b>Greg</b> </th><th><ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </th><th>  </th><th>   </th></thead><tbody></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of November 28</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Import excel signals to Dynameq <li> do quality control  </td><td> <ul><li> Correct errors in the calculation of yellow and red times of the last phase <li> distinguish between protected and permitted movements <li> work with Dan <li> find someone to help me fix errors  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Add more street street names to the Cube network <li>Run the node mapping scripts  </td><td> <ul><li> Add more street street names to the Cube network <li>Run the node mapping scripts  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td><ul><li> Supervise Dan's work  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>





<h2>Status Updates for Week of November 21</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  <ul><li> Review errors from the movement mapping scripts <li> update the scripts to map more movements or modify the excel signals manually to correct movement mapping errors  </td><td> <ul><li> Import excel signals to Dynameq <li> do quality control </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td><ul><li> Supervise Dan's work   </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Add more street street names to the Cube network <li>Run the node mapping scripts  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of November 14</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Reviewed all 140 files for which the scripts failed to load the excel signal <li> updated the scripts or modified the excel cards so that the scripts can read them <li> coordinate manual import tasks with SFCTA <li> review errors in the import process and try to fix them </td><td> <ul><li> Review errors from the movement mapping scripts <li> update the scripts to map more movements or modify the excel signals manually to correct movement mapping errors </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Add more street street names to the Cube network <li>Run the node mapping scripts  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of November 7</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li>matched Dynameq nodes to excel signal cards using street names and Google Earth. Success rate is about 80%. <li> Created the JSON signal format for future use <li> Refactored part of the signal import procedures  </td><td> <ul><li> Map intersection movements between the dynameq network and the excel signal files based on street name and link orientation <li> coordinate manual import tasks with SFCTA <li> review errors in the import process and try to fix them </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Supervise Dan's work </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> Add more street street names to the Cube network <li>Run the node mapping scripts  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of October 31</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> match the street names in the signal cards with the Dynameq ones <li> fix the adv file <li> troubleshooting  </td><td> <ul><li> Import signals from excel to Dynameq and identify types of error messages during the import process <li> identify intermediate format to use for signal entry <li> take another look at how link shape is being written to the advanced file  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>    </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of October 17</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Simulate 3 hours of demand using the county network consisting of the Geary DTA network and the Cube network combined  </td><td> <ul><li> write the Dynameq signal classes <li> write data structure and the algorithms that map two networks <li> enhance the Network copy method to include signals <li> troubleshooting </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of October 10</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  <ul><li> Implement the new network merge method that is based on location rather than node/link id <li> implement link shape  <li> implement turn prohibitions   </td><td> <ul><li> Simulate 3 hours of demand using the county network consisting of the Geary DTA network and the Cube network combined </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of October 3</h2>

<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> RemoveNode and RemoveLink methods left the network object in incosistent state when called to delete virtual links or connectors. Started refactoring remove methods    </td><td>  <ul><li> Implement the new network merge method that is based on location rather than node/link id <li> implement link shape  <li> implement turn prohibitions </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Update county network with external centroids <li> do another subarea-cut <li> modify some very small links in the Cube network that prohibit Dynameq from running </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of September 12</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> made a successful assignment of a few thousand vehicles <li> resolved all Dynameq import errors <li>programmed non-recursive DFS and meta-graph algorithms to be used in the demand validation process   </td><td> <ul><li> Merge links to expedite the SP step <li> reduce the number of nodes in the network from 13400 to 12500 without removing network detail <li> research algorithms that encapsulate a set of points (convex hull etc) <li> think about easy ways to read link shape from a shapefile </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <ul><li> make permanent manual edits to the cube network to eliminate very short and overlapping links <li> do another subarea cut  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>



<h2>Status Updates for Week of September 5</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Overlapping connectors are found and resolved by slightly moving their virtual nodes (success rate is usually 100% but sometimes it drops to 98%) <li> Created the demand class that reads Dynameq and Cube matrices and it is based on a multidimensional labeled data structure that allows slicing and accessing elements using labels rather than consecutive integers </td><td> <ul><li> Simulate demand on the county network but without signals  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of August 29</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Enhance network merge algorithm to take care of connectivity issues at the boundary of the merged networks. The algorithm gave inconsistent results when relying on the link ids only. <li> move around centroids so that centroid connectors do not overlap with links <li> test all the algorithms with our current data <li> think about how to implement the demand class   <li> think of a variation of the convex hull algorithm that creates a polygon containing all the network links (to be used when merging networks)   </td><td> <ul><li> None of the algorithms for finding overlapping links (dot product, link orientation) gave satisfactory results. It proved that the best way is to shift all links to the right (same as dynameq) and then calculate the angle to the next link <li> The merge algorithm works as long as there are no node and link id conflicts <li> I was able to merge Geary with the downtown SF network but the algorithm failed when I tried merging the county network due to link id conflicts <li> Created the demand API and decided on the implementation details <li> A variation of the Graham's scan algorithm that uses a finite step should work   </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> figure out how to get Dan involved. </td><td>   </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>




<h2>Status Updates for Week of August 22</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td>  <ul><li> Worked on Merge Script (initial version functional when networks are disjoint) <li> made connector creation smarter about turn prohibitions  (and configurable) <li> made connector splitting smarter about where it is attaching scripts (and configurable)  <li> wrote more detailed documentation for some of the methods <li> produced Sphinx documentation  </td><td> <ul><li> Enhance network merge algorithm to take care of connectivity issues at the boundary of the merged networks <li> move around centroids so that centroid connectors do not overlap with links <li> test all the algorithms with our current data <li> think about how to implement the demand class <li> think of a variation of the convex hull algorithm that creates a polygon containing all the network links (to be used when merging networks)  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td>  <ul><li> talk with Brian G. about contracting update <li> write progress report </td><td> figure out how to get Dan involved.  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Dan</b> </td><td> Get acquainted with the project </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td><ul><li> Brainstorm Peer Reviewers  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of August 15</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Apply the algorithm that removes centroid connectors from intersections on the entire netwrok<li> work on importing the entire network from Cube to Dynameq <li>Submitted bug report and fixed ordering issue for virtual links and links int eh dynameq ASCII </td><td> <ul><li> Work on Merge Script <li> make connector creation smarter about turn prohibitions  (and configurable) <li> make connector splitting smarter about where it is attaching scripts (and configurable)  <li> write more detailed documentation for some of the methods <li> produce Sphinx documentation  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li> Very little </td><td> <ul><li> talk with Brian G. about contracting update <li> write progress report <li> brainstorm peer reviewers </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td> <li> Brainstorm Peer Reviewers </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of August 8</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td> <ul><li>Code review (<a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/source/detail?r=94'>r94</a>) <li>Finished the algorithm that removes centroids from intersections <li> Checked DynameqNetwork write functionality </td><td> <ul><li> Apply the algorithm that removes centroid connectors from intersections on the entire netwrok<li> work on importing the entire network from Cube to Dynameq <li> write more detailed documentation for some of the methods <li> produce Shpinx documentation  </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li>write progress report for July for FHWA <li>review intern applicants and discuss resource allocation with F&A <li>spend time with Greg on Thursday <li>continue looking into travel time data licensing issues  </td><td> <ul><li>need invoice for PB or at least an informal statement of hours so I can update progress report  </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>respond to comments on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/source/detail?r=94'>r94</a> <li>go over checkins and documentation (and move CountDracula documentation to github from twiki)<li>chat with Greg on Thursday </td><td> Interviewed DTA intern candidates. </td><td>   </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Greg</b> </td><td>  </td><td>  </td><td>   </td></tr></tbody></table>


<h2>Status Updates for Week of August 1</h2>
<table><thead><th> <b>Contributor</b> </th><th> <b>Previous Week</b> </th><th> <b>This Week</b> </th><th> <b>Issues For Group</b> </th></thead><tbody>
<tr><td> <b>Michalis</b> </td><td><ul><li>Reviewed the code (<a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/source/detail?r=85'>r85</a>, <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/source/detail?r=86'>r86</a>)<li>Added functionality that allows links/nodes/movements to be added and removed by the programmer.<li>Added unit tests that cover the delete Movement, Link, Node features. </td><td> <ul><li>Code review (<a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/source/detail?r=94'>r94</a>) <li>Finish the algorithm that removes centroids from intersections <li>Fix some of the ASCII output errors. </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Varun</b> </td><td> <ul><li>code reviewed changes to DTA and Count Dracula libraries <li>addressed all issues in code review including: <li>moving CountDracula class to CountDracula code base and made the dta code base just access it with a script<li>fixed the suffix matching issue so that you are only required to have a suffix if there is ambiguity in the intersection name.<li>finished up documentation, updated documentation on CountDracula website <li>confirm that the count matching script that he committed worked. </td><td> Varun finished up at the end of last week </td><td> <ul><li>we should make sure we understand the documentation and confirm that everything works before our memory about what Varun did was lost.<li>we should look at his TODOs and make sure none of them are critical <li>web front end is still in dev...need a plan for this.</td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Elizabeth</b> </td><td> <ul><li>participated in Varun's code review <li>re-advertised intern position on website <li>haggled with travel time data providers about cost/licensing issues </td><td> <ul><li>write progress report for July for FHWA <li>review intern applicants and discuss resource allocation with F&A <li>spend time with Greg on Thursday <li>continue looking into travel time data licensing issues </td><td><ul><li>need invoice for PB or at least an informal statement of hours so I can update progress report </td></tr>
<tr><td> <b>Lisa</b> </td><td> <ul><li>participated in Varun's code review </td><td> <ul><li>respond to comments on <a href='https://code.google.com/p/dta/source/detail?r=94'>r94</a> <li>go over checkins and documentation (and move CountDracula documentation to github from twiki)<li>chat with Greg on Thursday </td><td>  </td></tr></tbody></table>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 25</h2>
<b>Michalis</b>  Created the test folder (at the same level with dta) containing the unitests. Started the network unittest module<br>
<br>
<b>Varun</b> Added <a href='https://github.com/sfcta/CountDracula'>CountDracula</a>-based count importing<br>
<br>
<b>Elizabeth</b> and <b>Lisa</b> Code-reviewed CountDracula first cut<br>
<br>
<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 18th</h2>
<b>Elizabeth</b> Received and Plugged in the Dynameq Size 10 license  WOOHOO<br>
<br>
<b>Lisa</b> Implemented <code>Network.insertVirtualNodeBetweenCentroidsAndRoadNodes()</code>, uploaded small test networks.  Full San Francisco network is viewable in Dynameq (although lacking in lots of attributes, of course).<br>
<br>
<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 11th</h2>
<b>Michalis</b> Review Lisa's Code<br>
<br>
<b>Lisa</b>: DTA networks can now have shifts and shape points; implemented beginning of CubeNetwork read methods<br>
<br>
<b>Elizabeth</b> Installed 64-bit Dynameq 2.5 test on FOLSOM.<br>
Got Michalis' VPN working again so he can remote access our license. Still having a bit of trouble with the VNC portion.<br>
<br>
<h2>Status Updates for Week of July 5th</h2>
<b>Lisa</b>: Continuing to read/write Dynameq and Cube networks; goal is to get something by end of week<br>
<br>
<b>Michalis</b> & <b>Elizabeth</b>: Wednesday and Friday code review<br>
<br>
<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 27th</h2>
<b>Lisa</b>: Working on code to read/write Dynameq and Cube networks.<br>
<b>Michalis</b>: Discuss progress by phone<br>
<br>
<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 20th</h2>
<b>Lisa</b>: Branched dev and created some stub files. Talked to Michalis about the plan and timeline, decided that I would convert the existing code to the new dta module in order to:<br>
<ul><li>read and write the geary dynameq network<br>
</li><li>read the cube network and write the dynameq network<br>
The goal is to get this working by July 1; Michalis would then assist with the merge portion.  Also discussed plan of action for the new intern, Varun, who will be assisting with getting counts infrastructure into place.</li></ul>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 13th</h2>
<b>Lisa</b>: Commented on <a href='APIdiscussion.md'>APIdiscussion</a>

<h2>Status Updates for Week of June 6th</h2>

<b>Elizabeth</b>

Last Week:<br>
<ul><li>There were a lot of contract and task order hoops that had to be jumped through on the TA side of things...but I think things are on the way to getting a TO to PB by the end of the week or beginning of next with an NTP<br>
</li><li>Decided on a DTA intern<br>
</li><li>Followed up with Inro about software licensing. We will have a version of Dynameq in our hands that can accept the entire network by the 2nd week of July.  Until then, we can focus on getting the data ready and developing the script infrastructure.  The Inro purchase order should be out the door.</li></ul>

Next Week:<br>
<ul><li>I will be on vacation.</li></ul>

Issues for Group:<br>
<ul><li></li></ul>

<h2>Status Updates for May 31</h2>

<b>Elizabeth</b>

Last Week:<br>
<ul><li>Updated scope, schedule and budget and sent to PB to review this will be for both a contract amendment with FHWA as well as the PB task order<br>
</li><li>Interviewed potential DTA interns<br>
</li><li>Had discussions with Inro about software licensing needed for this project as well as software versions</li></ul>

This Week:<br>
<ul><li>Finalize scope and get task order to PB<br>
</li><li>Hire a DTA intern<br>
</li><li>Get purchase order out to Inro</li></ul>

Issues for Group:<br>
<ul><li>Need to make sure everybody has the hours I said they did in the scope and schedule.</li></ul>


<b>Lisa</b>

Last Week:<br>
<ul><li>Updated wiki to provide more detail for each task<br>
</li><li>Researched GPL licensing</li></ul>

This Week:<br>
<ul><li>Draft a licensing memo/wiki page<br>
</li><li>Draft a code base structure<br>
</li><li>Draft and potentially test a workflow</li></ul>

Issues for Group:<br>
<ul><li>Need to discuss GPL licensing issues<br>
</li><li>Need to discuss dependency issues/software requirements, etc.<br>
</li><li>Need to test workflow</li></ul>

<h2>Status Updates for May 2</h2>

<b>Billy</b>
<ul><li>Reviewed site hosting options (looked at sourceforge, google code, github, gitorious.) Chose Google Code!<br>
<ul><li>Note: Google Code doesn't support GIT, our internal code repository, but does support Subversion and Mercurial.  I vote for Subversion since Git talks to it fluently.  In my opinion Mercurial is a vestigial system that is being superseded by Git in the marketplace.<br>
</li></ul></li><li>Created initial project web pages for landing frontpage, initial task wiki pages, and project statuses.<br>
</li><li>Created internal mailing list for the project team, dta-discuss@googlegroups.com.  All team members can have access to it from <a href='http://groups.google.com/group/dta-discuss?hl=en'>http://groups.google.com/group/dta-discuss?hl=en</a> -- <b>let's discuss who wants to be on it?</b></li></ul>


<hr />